/**Unleashed introduction**/
Unleashed is a powerful, integrated platform that allows businesses real-time visibility of accurate inventory information. Providing precise tracking data on each and every item of stock helps businesses of all sizes reduce their costs and increase profits.

/**Authentication**/
For Authentication Each request to the API must include these four values sent as HTTP headers:

1. Content-Type - This must be either application/xml or application/json.
2. Accept - This must be either application/xml or application/json.
3. api-auth-id - You must send your API id in this header.
4. api-auth-signature - You must send the method signature in this header.

The method signature must be generated by taking the query string, and creating a HMAC-SHA256 signature using your API key as the secret key.
Only the query parameters portion of the URL is used in calculating the signature, e.g. for the request / Customers?customerCode=ACME use the string customerCode=ACME when generating the signature. Do not include the endpoint name in the method signature.
Do not include the query indicator ? in the method signature.
If you generate the signature incorrectly you will not be able to access the API, instead you will only receive a “403 Forbidden” response.

Note: The query string can also be empty.

/**Pagination**/
Requesting a page

Pages are requested by putting the page number into the URL: https://api.unleashedsoftware.com/{endpoint}/{pagenumber}, where {endpoint} and {pagenumber} are placeholders.

For example, if you wanted to retrieve the 1st page of 200 records from the Customer endpoint we would write https://api.unleashedsoftware.com/Customers/1.
To get the second page you would use https://api.unleashedsoftware.com/Customers/2 .

Page size
The default page size is 200 records, but is configurable by adding the desired page size in the URL querystring:
https://api.unleashedsoftware.com/{endpoint}/{pagenumber}?pageSize={pagesize}.

If you want to retrieve the 3rd page of 500 SalesOrders records (ie. 1001st to 1500th record) then you would use this URL:

https://api.unleashedsoftware.com/SalesOrders/3?pageSize=500.

/**Htpp request**/
for http request we are using unirest client libraries.Unirest is a set of lightweight HTTP libraries available in multiple languages.

/**Base Url**/
https://api.unleashedsoftware.com/

/**end points to get salesorder**/
//for get all sales order use given below endpoint 
/SalesOrders

//get single salesorder based on their GUID (a GUID formatted as XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX) 
/SalesOrders/E6E8163F-6911-40e9-B740-90E5A0A3A996

/**end points to create sales order**/
/SalesOrders/b599e7f5-7738-4ea1-a318-6b5298766018

/**end points to get avilable stock**/
//returns a list of all StockOnHand
/StockOnHand

// returns details of a particular product based on guid
/StockOnHand/E6E8163F-6911-40e9-B740-90E5A0A3A996


/**functions description**/
 get_salesorder(url,authid,signature, callback)// to get sales order
 create_salesorder(url,authid,signature,body,callback)// to get sales order
 get_inventory(url,authid,signature, callback)// to get sales order


